ERIC:
What is your name, sweetheart?
Willa Burrell.
Are you daddy's little girl, Willa?
Does he love you more than his own life?
Yes.
So if I tear you apart...
...right down here...
-...would that devastate him?
-Yes.
Would that rip his fucking heart out?
-Heh.
Are you a God-fearing girl, Willa?
-Yes.
-Then know that you're about to die...
...for your father's sins and not your own...
...but you are going to die.
And you will not scream.
Do you understand?
Excellent.
Killing me will not stop him,
but I know things.
I can tell you about the experiments.
What experiments?
Shh!
Freeze, asshole!
MAN [ON TV]:
As the Tru Blood shortage cont--
You said they're all gonna burn.
Who, Bill? Who is going to burn?
Vampires. Many, many of them.
-Where's this happening?
-I don't know.
-Do you know who's--?
l have to stop it.
l have to save them. Lilith came to me.
But it's the future.
What you've seen will happen.
She can't possibly expect--
Damn it, l have to!
Bill....
You were there too, Jess.
Burning in the sun.
You were one of them.
I don't know why or how or when.
But I saw it.
You, Eric...
...Pam and Tara....
True deaths?
So help me, I will not lose you, Jess.
I will stop this.
[SNIFFLING]
Ugh, my head.
I gotta...
...drink some water.
Thank you, Lafayette.
Come on.
[PANTING]
Warlow.
lt's go time.
Grandpa!
NIALL:
Jason, keep Sookie in the house.
[JASON GROANING]
SOOKIE:
Oh, my God. Jason! Jason!
JASON: Oh, shit.
SOOKIE: Jason!
SooHe.
Get back into the house.
-Just give him a second.
-Grandpa?
Get back into the house now.
Did I get him?
No, hotshot, you didn't get him.
-Did you get him?
-No, sweetie.
-The king of all fairies did not get him either.
-I don't like that tone, missy.
Well, then don't be all condescending toward
my brother and you won't have to hear it.
I don't like how you look.
I'm worried about you.
Well, don't be, because I'm fine.
How come you're not afraid of Warlow?
-I am afraid.
-You should be more afraid.
-He's not coming after me, you know?
-I do know that, Grandpa Niall.
But you gotta realize, I can barely remember
the last time I wasn't in danger.
Danger, it's a fact of life for me...
...so if I go getting worked up every time
I'm in trouble...
...it's like I'm crying wolf to myself.
So I try to keep an even keel,
I take regular danger in stride...
...and that way, I've still got a real,
healthy fear inside me...
...for when the shit really hits the fan.
Warlow is the proverbial shit hitting the fan.
Don't underestimate him.
I won't.
-l'm going out.
-Where to?
I'm tired of waiting.
I'm taking the fight to him.
-l'm coming with you.
-Like hell you are.
Oh, motherfucker.
SOOKIE:
Hey, Grandpa Niall.
Why does it have to be me?
There are plenty of fairies out there.
And percentage-wise, I don't even have
the right to call myself a halfling.
Why does Warlow want me?
Because, my dear...
...the fairy blood that courses
through your veins is royal.
We're royalty.
What is it that they say?
"Uneasy lies the head
that wears the crown."
Lock the door behind me.
[JASON GROANS]
[WHOOSHES]
ERIC: Where's Nora?
PAM: Out.
-Out where?
-I didn't ask because I didn't give a shit.
-Who the fuck is she?
-Pam, Tara, I'd like you to meet Willa Burrell.
You kidnapped the governor's daughter?
-Hell, no. No, you motherfucking didn't.
-She has information that I need.
At least she better.
I will tell you everything I know, I swear.
Promise me you are going to kill her.
Fuck, Pam, what do you gotta kill her for?
All he gotta do is glamour her...
..."none of this happened" business
and send her home!
PAM:
Because, human lover...
...her daddy fucked up my bar
and glamouring's boring.
lt's savage-ass shit like that
that makes humans hate us.
ERIC: Ladies, the governor and his security
won't be far behind us.
Pack up anything you feel nostalgic about
before we leave Fangtasia for good.
Pam, you just gonna roll over like that?
-Not for her daddy or anyone.
-Now!
Come on.
You don't have to glamour me.
I wanna help you.
I don't like what my father is doing
any more than you do.
Now, you mentioned something
about experiments.
It's-- It's a horrible--
Tell me.
Do you remember
the ballot measures last year?
None of that money
went to the highway system.
Where'd it go?
Where did it go, Willa?
They used it to build a camp.
It's part prison and part research facility.
The vampires that they're arresting,
they're not taking them to jail.
They're studying y'all.
Your biology, your physiology...
...psychology, shit like that.
It's sick, sick, sick shit.
And where is this camp?
I don't know.
[SNARLS]
I don't, I don't. The only reason
I know any of this shit...
...is because I've been snooping around.
Please don't kill me.
Don't kill me.
MAN 1 :
Steer clear.
Weapons tight.
MAN 2:
Move.
MAN 3:
Let's go.
[MUFFLED GRUNTING]
MAN 1:
Go.
Remove his hood, please.
Welcome to your new home,
Reverend Newlin.
I was once a big fan of your work.
[MUMBLING INDISTINCTLY]
Ungag him, will you?
I'm curious what he has to say.
Do you even know who I am?
I am the spokesvampire for the AVL.
If you don't release me, you're gonna
have vampires crawling up your asses.
On second thought,
let's keep him gagged, shall we?
[MUFFLED]
Why? What did I do?
I didn't mean to kill those frat boys!
It was Russell Edgington! It wasn't me!
We finished packing up.
Everything her father didn't steal or destroy
fits in this box.
It's just a bar, Pam.
Not even you believe that.
She tell you everything she knew?
-Yeah, she was very forthcoming.
-Mm.
-Let's go. You're coming with us.
PAM: Come on. Now you're taking her with?
Oh, goddamn it.
I beg you, cut off her head
and rest it on her stomach...
...and when the governor
storms in here again...
...he'll have that lovely image
seared in his memory forever.
Either do that or what my prude progeny's
suggesting, but don't bring her with.
None of this is ours anymore.
Burrell already took it...
...and we have nothing to negotiate with...
...we have nothing to fight him with.
All we have is her.
-The girl lives.
-Thank you.
The world is changing, Pam.
We have to change with it.
[GROANS]
Are you crazy? They're werewolves.
Tell Bruce to get back here.
No way. He texted me,
said they have some kind of compound.
SAM:
Emma
NICOLE:
Sorry, Sam, they took her.
-Why are you in my house?
-Those guys, they beat you up...
...and wejust helped you inside, all right?
Oh, that mangy bitch had a mean right.
I have some water. You want some?
Water? Oh, no, no, hunty.
-I need something a little stronger than water.
-Who's he?
-Sam, this is Jessie. Jessie, Sam.
-I'm her boyfriend.
Listen, thanks, I guess,
for picking us up out there...
...but I gotta ask y'all to leave.
Those were werewolves, right?
Can they turn into wolves whenever...
...orjust during a full moon?
Now, I need to know these things, okay?
-I'm a cofounder of VUS, the Vamp--
-Vampire Unity Society. I know.
LAFAYETTE: Hey, Harvard.
-I went to Penn.
Whatever. You need to erase everything
you saw out there.
In fact, erase the word
"werewolf" from your memory...
-...if you know what's good for youse.
-Are you threatening me?
I'll bust you in your face with this bottle.
That's a threat.
What I just gave you
was some more-than-good advice.
Okay, we're gonna leave, right?
-Yeah.
-We're gonna go.
Erase.
Sam, I wanted to say I'm sorry about earlier.
I came on really strong, asking questions
about Luna, and I didn't know.
-I'm very sorry about your loss.
-Look, I know. It's--
What are you gonna do about Emma?
Are you just gonna let them take her?
_We can definitely help--
-Listen.
I appreciate it,
but I don't need your help.
Everybody needs help.
JESSIE:
Come on, Nic.
LAFAYETTE:
Mm-mm. She gonna be trouble for you.
Yeah, well, she can get in line.
Now, Sammy,
before you turn into a snake or a bear...
...or some shit that I can't
have a conversation with...
...what insane plan you got cooking
in that pretty little head of yours?
The plan is...
...I take care of this mess
and you go home.
That girl was right about one thing,
everybody need help...
...especially you and especially now.
Now, I'm only gonna say this once...
...because I ain't into that mushy shit...
...but you gave me a chance
when nobody else would...
...hired me when I really needed a job,
and you always treated me with respect.
So, yes, I is in.
And I'm asking,
what's the motherfucking plan, boyfriend?
Oh, hello, Ginger.
Well, well, well...
...if it isn't Eric Northman
who's come a-knocking on my door.
I've finally decided to take you up
on your offer for a sleepover.
Why don't you...
...invite me in?
Come on in...
...you big, bad vampire.
Oh, I hope you don't mind.
I brought some friends.
-|nvite me in.
-Uh, come on in, I guess.
Yeah, invite me.
Whatever. Come on in.
-Does this mean we're not fucking?
-Sadly, Ginger, no...
...we will not be fucking on this occasion.
However, the night will come when we do.
-This I promise you.
-Who's the human anyhow?
Who she is is no concern of yours.
That she and I are taking over your coffin is.
-Why does he get the coffin?
-Let's not be petty, Tara.
Now the sun is coming.
It's time to go to ground.
Why don't the three of us
sleep in the coffin and the girl--
The girl is sleeping with me
as I don't trust you not to kill her.
Ginger, would you please
escort Pam and Tara...
...to your shitty little underground cubby?
Thank you.
JESSICA:
Bill?
Lilith gave me the answer.
I only had to realize it.
When she came to me,
when we talked, it was daylight.
We were standing in the noonday sun.
I could feel the warmth on my skin.
I could literally feel the rays
and I did not burn.
I don't understand exactly
what is happening to you...
...but I know you are still a vampire,
and I know that the sun-- You can't.
You just-- You can't.
Sookie drove a wooden stake
through my chest...
...and I pulled it out like a splinter.
I walked through fire.
I'm having visions, prescient visions.
I am Lilith's prophet.
I feel like I can-- I feel immortal.
Maybe you are, but what if you're not?
You are my world, Bill.
You're my father, my maker, my friend.
-Please don't do this.
-Don't worry.
No, Jesus Christ, Bill!
Something killed Lilith.
If you meet the sun and you're wrong--
But I'm not wrong.
You'll see.
You go inside now.
No.
Bill!
JESSICA:
Oh, God. Shit, shit!
[BILL GROANING]
Jess!
[SCREAMING]
Oh, God.
[JESSICA WHIMPERING]
[GROANING]
-Oh, God.
-I don't understand.
I don't understand.
It's okay.
Oh, God, it's okay. You're gonna be okay.
[SCREAMING]
[SCREAMING STOPS]
[SCREAMING RESUMES, THEN STOPS]
What are you?
[SCREAMING]
No.
[SCREAMING RESUMES]
[SCREAMING STOPS]
[MAN GROANING]
Tell me what happened.
No words.
Just thoughts.
CLAUDE:
It got in.
NIALL:
What got in ?
CLAUDE:
The vampire.
Extremely powerful.
Let me look at you.
CLAUDE.-
[have no idea how he got in.
just don 't leave me like this, please.
No.
CLAUDE:
The ultimate kindness.
I am sending you home.
[GASPS]
How you feeling?
About the same.
ls Niall back?
Nope.
You don't go hunting vampires
in the daytime.
-Why ain't he back?
-I don't know.
I don't like how you look.
Let me take you to the hospital.
No, Sook, I already told you
I don't need a goddamn hospital.
You have any idea how many concussions I got
back in my playing days?
-That's all this is.
-If that's all this is...
-...shouldn't you be getting better?
-I am getting better.
The hallucinations are gone. I think.
-You were hallucinating?
-Like a motherfucker.
Sook, the other day
when we were at the steakhouse...
...and I was arming up
to go into the Authority...
...you didn't wonder why I was acting all crazy
and more racist than usual?
Of course I did.
That's because,
as far as I was concerned...
...Mama and Daddy were right there.
Right there, whispering all kinds
of hateful stuff in my ear...
...encouraging me to kill vampers...
...Iike they was giving me
some kind of pregame pep talk. Mm.
Fuck.
One second, one second, one second.
Sook, I can feel you looking at me.
If you wanna help,
press on my pressure point...
-...|ike Mama used to. Ah!
-Like this?
Yeah.
Harder.
That's good, Sook. You got Mama's hands.
-I do?
-You know what I wish?
I wish that I had been hallucinating
about somebody else.
That any-- Anybody else
was whispering all that hateful shit in my ear.
And I hate that I put all those ideas
on Mama and Daddy...
...because they don't deserve it.
Sometimes when people pass on...
...we forget all the bad stuff
and only remember the good.
And that would make them perfect
in our memories.
SO Mama and Daddy were racist.
No. I'm saying that they had their faults,
just like the rest of us.
Oh. What kind of faults?
Well, for starters, Mama was--
She was scared of me.
I mean, she loved me,
but she couldn't accept that I was different.
She was afraid of me
up till the day She died.
How do you know this?
Same way I know everything I know.
Fuck.
You couldn't have told me this before?
Thinking they were perfect
was working for you.
It made you try harder
at everything you did.
The only reason I'm telling you now
is because I--
Don't say Warlow...
-...because you ain't going anywhere.
-I know.
I just don't want you to feel guilty...
...or ashamed or like
you're somehow cheating...
...on the memory of Mama and Daddy...
...just because a little reality
burst into the fantasy.
We can still love them...
...even if we recognize
that they ain't perfect.
Sook, you are...
...a lot smarter than I am.
No, sweetie.
-| just ain't had as many concussions is all.
-Mm.
Memo said this is
pure vampire-stopping power.
These go with it.
Pretty.
Unbelievable. These are contact lenses...
...to keep you from getting
vamp-hypnotized.
Fucking science.
It's called "glamouring."
My dry cleaner's a vampire.
She likes to talk.
Holly, what a surprise.
Andy Bellefleur, are you gonna enforce
the vampire curfew or not?
What's going on? Are you being bothered?
I'd love to help you.
There's vampires scratching at our windows
all night at the motel.
Now, I know times are tough
and they're crazed from starving...
...but they are scaring
the bejeezus out of me and my boys.
-That lady's mad at you, Daddy.
-I know that, sweet pea.
Oh, my goddess.
Are these your--?
Well, how in the world?
Yep, it's weird, right?
They're growing up so fast.
SO goddamn fast.
Girls, this is Miss Holly.
-She's one of the nicest ladies you'll ever meet.
-Okay. Hey, girls.
Hello, Miss Holly.
-They have names?
-Right now, I'm just using numbers.
Seems to work.
Look, Holly, I know things between us
have been strained...
...but I would really like to help you
with your vampire problem, personally.
-Would you take a ride with me?
-Take a ride?
[SCOFFS]
What? What for?
You just have to trust me.
The cops are here.
Shit. Martha, she needs to shift.
I'll handle this.
Afternoon, officers.
Afternoon. I'm Officer Innes,
this is Officer Stutz...
...Caddo Parish Sheriff's Department.
This the home of Martha Bozeman?
-It is. Can I help you?
-That depends on who you are.
Name's Alcide Herveaux.
This here's Rikki Naylor.
We're friends of Martha's.
Either of you seen this girl before?
Know who she is?
It's Emma, Emma Bozeman.
It's Martha's grandkid, but I ain't seen her.
You?
-No, I ain't seen her either.
-We just came from her father's.
Nobody's seen him for weeks,
so that kind of piqued our interest.
Sorry, man. I can't help you.
Maybe the grandma can. She around?
She's, uh, napping.
Haven't been feeling well lately.
Emphysema.
Wake her up.
We can do this bedside,
if it'd make it easier.
Would you run inside,
wake poor Martha up?
-Tell her the Sheriff's Department's here.
-If these cops take you...
...they ain't gonna return you to Sam.
-They won't leave until they talk to you.
-She won't Shift.
-Oh, She'll shift.
-If you so much as lay a hand--
They need to talk to you, Martha. Now.
Oh, and you have emphysema.
[EMMA WHIMPERING]
What's the matter, sweetheart?
I'm scared.
I don't fucking care if you're scared.
You're gonna fucking shift...
...right fucking now!
My son disappeared on me
a couple of weeks ago...
...but I didn't know about Luna.
[WHEEZING]
Are you sure now?
You're not hiding anything from us?
Why would I hide anything?
I love that child.
Now that I know she's missing...
...there ain't nothing I wouldn't do
to help you find her.
-Mind if we take a look inside?
-Got a warrant?
Don't need one. With the governor's
new anti-vampire agenda...
...we've been given vast latitude
when it comes to search and seizures.
SO if you'll excuse us.
[COUGHING]
INNES:
Nothing.
All right. Well, sorry for the intrusion.
We'll be on our way.
Again, sorry we couldn't be more help.
[GROWLS]
I told you taking her
was a stupid fucking idea.
All you did was bring trouble
into this pack.
-Trouble we don't need.
MARTHA: She's my granddaughter...
...and part of this pack,
whether you like it or not.
They're this fucking close
to figuring out what we are.
If you don't think they're gonna do to us
what they're doing to the vampires...
-...then you're stupider than I thought.
-Enough.
Now she's got no mother and no father,
thanks to me.
And we protect our own.
I'm the packmaster. She's wolf, she stays.
Bow to him.
[HOOTING]
GIRL:
Do it again.
ANDY: Line up your shot with the sight.
Keep your eyes open.
Just concentrate now.
You don't have to squeeze so hard.
-Dang it!
-It's okay, it's Okay.
It just takes practice, that's all.
Let's do it again.
Do you wanna learn how to protect your kids
from vampires during these strange times?
I promise you,
this is for demonstration purposes only.
Because I'm still mad at you.
I know you are. This is totally platonic.
Fact is I do this with all the deputies
I teach, especially the male ones.
Just let me show you.
[HOLLY YELPS]
Damn it, girls!
How many times do I have to tell you?
Hand lasers Off!
-Sometimes I worry I'm not cut out for this.
-What, parenting?
Of course you are. It just takes practice.
Aim a little higher.
A little higher.
Now we just slowly pull the trigger.
Oh!
[BOTH LAUGHING]
That felt good.
Wanna know what she's thinking?
Out of my head, Number Three.
Okay, Miss Holly.
I do want you to know something.
I could've taken you to places closer to town,
but this place I brought you to...
...Terry and I practically grew up here.
We called it Fort Bellefleur.
It was always a safe place to us,
a sanctuary.
And |--
We don't have to ever get naked together again
if you don't wanna...
...but I would like to be your Fort Bellefleur.
-Andy....
-Not now, one day.
When you're ready.
Just don't say no.
Well, show me again.
There? Oh, right. There.
-That looks good.
-Okay.
[HOLLY LAUGHS]
Mister?
I'm a vampire.
I'm meant to be dead during the day.
I thought you might
want to talk or something.
No, thank you.
Put your tape back on.
I can tell you more about my dad.
You know how last term it was reported...
...that he had the affair on my mom
and that's why she left?
It was actually the other way around.
She had the affair with a vampire.
Really?
He owns a bar out in Hollywood
kind of like yours.
There's only one Fangtasia, Willa.
Totally. Of course.
Anyway, I really wanted to move out
to California to live with them...
...but my dad had his lieutenant governor
squash her petition plans.
And I didn't know any of this until--
Is this your way of trying to convince me
that you don't have a problem with vampires?
That you're open-minded like Mommy?
I'm just talking to you.
Guess I'm trying to distract myself
from the fact...
...that I might not have
too much longer to live.
But to answer your question,
I do like vampires...
...very much.
Hey, you have the bleeds.
Like I said, I'm meant to be dead
during the day.
[INHALES SHARPLY]
No.
Can't let you do that.
Now put your tape back on.
[SIGHS]
NIALL:
Are we kindred?
BEN:
We are.
Uh, my name's Ben.
I heard there was this fairy haven
close by.
This is Thibodeaux Field, right?
I've been searching for this place.
I can't find it.
It was destroyed by a vampire.
-Oh, my God.
-You're wounded.
Yeah, uh, I was also attacked by a vampire.
I was just looking for a safe place to rest.
Like I said, I couldn't find the club.
I've been searching for it all night.
Are there any survivors?
No.
The vampire who did this--
I hunted him across the centuries...
...across millennia.
You see, he drained my entire village...
...and reduced my parents to a pile of dust.
This vampire you're speaking of, is...?
ls his name Warlow?
-Yes, it is.
-Shit.
-What are you doing, son?
-Forgive me, Your Highness.
I just realized you're Niall--
You're Niall Brigant.
-You're the king of the fae, right?
-You're right...
...but the pomp and the circumstance
aren't necessary.
Stand up, son.
What'd you say your name was?
It's Ben, Ben Flynn.
Well, Ben Flynn,
because of a mistake...
...one of my sons made many, many years ago,
Warlow believes he is entitled...
...to my granddaughter Sookie.
Sook-- Sookie Stackhouse?
You know her?
Yeah, after I was attacked by the vampire,
she found me.
She took me to her home.
She Showed me great kindness.
I came to this club, Ben Flynn...
...in the hopes of assembling
an army of fae...
...so I could hunt Warlow down...
...and I found you.
Are you prepared to return
Sookie's kindness?
It'd be a privilege. It'd be an honor.
Let's go.
Where are you going?
-I'm running errands. You stay.
-Let me come with you.
There is a curfew out there, Jess,
and you are in peril. I can't take the risk.
The night we came back to town,
the night Sookie staked you, I stayed.
I stayed because you said you needed me.
You said I was the only one you could trust.
-No, Jess--
-Now that it's about my survival...
...you can't ask me to stay here
like a little girl.
Don't shut me out.
You have to let me help.
There's a professor.
He's a scientist.
His name is Hido Takahashi.
He works at
the University of North Louisiana.
Most people think that he is the man
responsible for synthesizing Tru Blood.
And you want me to go get him?
Yeah, you go get him.
Oh, my God. I gotta pick something...
-And, Jess?
-What?
You Should wear something inappropriate.
Takahashi's got a thing for young women.
And now, to our surprise...
...we have a peptide bond...
...which is exactly what we need
in order to create this delicate--
Uh....
This, uh....
This delicate molecule.
Anyone else confused,
I refer you to chapter six in our textbook.
[SIGHS]
-No way.
-Hello, honey.
Oh, Sarah, thank you so much
for coming to save me.
[GIGGLES]
Oh, that's good.
You're funny as a vampire.
You know, you were never funny
as a human being.
-We had some good times.
-Really?
Because I don't remember it that way.
Sarah.
I'm so fucking scared.
What is this place?
You hurt me, Steve.
You embarrassed me,
and then you disappeared...
...along with all our friends
and all our money.
Yeah, but then you wrote a book about it.
Which I read, by the way.
Didn't paint me in the best light...
...but considering those sales numbers,
I'm assuming you're doing okay now.
You're right about that.
I Should be thanking you.
-You're welcome.
-But I'm not going to.
You just asked me a minute ago
what this place is.
This place is everything...
...that we used to dream about.
It's what the Fellowship of the Sun
has all been leading to:
God's master plan to save the human race...
...by eradicating the vampire race.
And the best part is...
...you, Steve...
...are a vampire.
But not really.
Don't bullshit a bullshitter.
I'm in politics now.
[LAUGHING]
-Seriously?
-Mm-hm.
Well, that's a huge pay cut, you know.
I do, but what I've realized...
...is you can't effect the kind of change...
...I mean, the real kind of change...
...that you and I were looking to effect,
from the pulpit.
The truth is...
...if you really wanna do God's work...
...you have to be in politics.
You were always so smart.
He's all yours, Dr. Overlark.
Thank you, Sarah.
Mr. Newlin, tell me everything you know...
...about Eric Northman.
Eric who?
Oh, Eric Northman.
I'll tell you all about him.
All right, then.
I'm all ears.
-Uh, professor?
-Oh.
Hello, Miss...?
Hamby.
-Huh?
-Jessica Hamby.
How come I don't recall ever seeing you
in my class before, Jessica?
If I may call you Jessica.
Oh, you may.
And I haven't been in your class before.
See, Ijust switched my major
to organic chemistry.
O-chem is not a major most students
would switch into frivolously, Jessica.
Well, I'm not most students.
You know, I love organic chemistry
so much...
...I was thinking maybe...
...if I had a little private tutoring,
I could catch up pretty quick.
Shall we start tonight?
Oh, it has to be tonight.
[KNOCKING ON DOOR]
JASON:
I'll get it, Sook!
No, you stay in bed.
JASON:
It could be Warlow.
-I kind of doubt Warlow would knock.
JASON: Oh.
May I visit with you?
What do you want?
Can't you at least open the door
so we don't have to talk through the window?
I can hear you just fine.
I need your help, Sookie.
And if you don't give it to me...
...Eric, Pam, Jessica...
...countless others, even Tara...
...they're gonna die the true death.
How do you know this?
-About Tara and everyone else?
-|'ve glimpsed the future.
You have glimpsed-- Bullshit.
-How?
-It's a long story.
This is all happening because you drank
the fucking Lilith blood. I'm closing the door.
I'm not inviting you in.
-How are you doing this?
-| play by a different set of rules now.
-Jason!
JASON: I'm coming!
Back the fuck away from my Sister.
[SCREAMS]
Bill, stop! Put him down!
-Stay. Shut up.
-My fucking head.
-What do you want from me?
-I need your blood, Sookie.
You've had my blood.
More than your share.
-This is different. I'm not gonna hurt you.
-You're hurting me now.
-Let go of my brother.
BILL: Listen to me.
-A scientist can synthesize your blood.
-Fuck you.
I'd prefer it if you came with me willingly,
but understand, you will be coming with me.
This is what my progeny need.
This is demanded of me.
Listen to yourself.
You really believe you're God.
You're not God, Bill. You're just an asshole.
-Shall we go?
-My blood is not for you to synthesize...
...or turn into medicine or whatever it is
you're planning on doing with it.
I'm tiring of this, Sookie.
Okay, I get it.
You've got special powers
and I can no longer command you to leave.
But if what you and I shared
ever meant anything...
...will you please get the fuck out
of my house?
You won't reconsider?
Absolutely not.
You're dead to me now, Sookie Stackhouse.
I'm good with that.
JASON:
Sook!
No!
[JASON GRUNTING]
SOOKIE:
Jason! Shit.
Don't move.
Are you sure the battery's charged
on those glasses?
MAN: Yes, stop asking.
JESSIE: If we get footage of them turning...
...into a werewolf, we'll make history.
The point is to get them on our side,
not make the evening news.
I'm not so sure about this.
-Who the hell is this guy here?
-Hello there.
You're trespassing.
We are so sorry to bother you.
We came a long way.
We wanted to reach out to you,
to your community.
We wanted to tell you a little bit
about our organization.
-Y'al| Jehovah Witnesses?
-No, we're VUS, the Vampire Unity Society.
-Fuck vampers where they live.
-What the hell is going on here?
Uh, we're VUS.
We're a nonviolent, direct-action group.
A coalition of humans and vampires
and other supes.
You know what?
Sorry to have bothered you.
-Come on, let's go.
MAN 2: You're right, you're gonna go!
MAN 3:
VUS, my ass.
You recording us?
-There's a camera in these.
MAN 4: Kill them!
-No!
MARTHA: Emma, stay inside. Don't come out.
MAN 2:
Big mistake!
MAN 4:
Come on, now, kill him.
We come in peace, seriously.
We want peace too, which is exactly why you
and your little friends are gonna give us all...
...your fucking cameras and get the fuck out
of here right fucking now!
Jesus, fuck, stay away from us.
They've got photos of Emma on here.
-They've been watching us.
RIKKI: What'd I fucking tell you?
Okay, you know what?
You wolves can just back the fuck up.
Hey, come on!
ALCIDE:
Rikki, don't!
Rikki, goddamn it!
[ALL SCREAMING]
I'm your packmaster!
Stand down! Stand down!
-Fuck!
ALCIDE: Stand down!
[SCREAMING]
Goddamn it.
[SNARLS]
[SCREECHING]
-Sam!
-Shh! We'll get you out of here, okay?
Oh, no. NO, no, stop it.
[WOLVES SNARLING]
[WHIMPERS]
Head straight for the woods.
Wait, wait, stop.
Wait.
That's-- We gotta help her.
-Sam--
-Come on, we'll be all right.
[WOLVES BARKING]
Make the call.
[CELL PHONE RINGS]
Eric Northman's phone, Ginger speaking.
May I help you?
[GASPS]
GINGER:
Knock, knock.
I hope it's all right I answered your phone.
It's the governor.
-What? What'd I do?
-It's okay, Ginger, I understand.
You're stupid.
Don't you be stupid now.
Oh, well, isn't this sweet?
You and your human sitting up
in a coffin together.
-It's like Sookie all over again.
-Pam, now is not the time.
He's got the governor on the line.
-Fuck.
-Big surprise.
Would you be a dear
and tape Willa's mouth?
-I already told you, I don't want no part in this.
-It wasn't actually a question.
Tape's in the coffin.
He'll be tracing the call.
Well, he'll be trying,
but my phone's untraceable.
ERIC [OVER PHONE]:
Hello, governor.
-You took my Willa.
-I did.
-She still alive?
-She is.
-Can you prove that to me?
-I won't.
Now, and here's why.
Your Willa won't be alive for long.
-Thank you.
-Oh, Mr. Northman...
...please, please, let's talk about this.
We can negotiate.
The only reason I haven't killed her is
I'm trying to decide on the best way to do it.
Do I drink her?
No. I think she might enjoy that.
You see, she's developing
a little thing for me.
I have a friend here who thinks
I Should decapitate her.
That's always fun.
But messy, and I'm wearing a $3000 suit.
I don ’t know.
Maybe I Should just take it to the Internet...
...and let the people decide.
One thing is for certain, though.
I am going to kill her...
...and I'm not gonna put her on the phone
to say goodbye to Daddy.
MAN [OVER PHONE]:
Got him, Sir.
Mr. Northman, please, I'm begging you.
I am begging you, I will reverse course.
I will rescind the curfew...
...I will-- I will publicly apologize.
Please, I’m begging you.
Great, that's all I needed to hear.
If you just give me a minute to untie her,
I'll put her on the phone with you.
[PHONE BEEPS]
They're coming.
[TIRES SCREECHING]
Tara!
[GINGER GASPS]
Now, you're my assistant, Ginger.
And as my assistant,
yourjob is to stall for me.
The girl is very tied up,
and I'm extremely bad at untying people.
Whatever you do,
just keep him on the line, understand?
-Yes.
-And once the governor storms in here...
...you never saw any of us.
Take the phone. Good night, Ginger.
-Wait.
-What's the matter, son?
When I said that Sookie showed me
great kindness before...
...I didn't say that we ended things
on the best of terms.
-I'm not sure how welcome I'm gonna be.
-|'|| vouch for you.
Thank God. Jason and I were convinced
that Warlow had--
Evening, Sookie.
-What are you doing here?
NIALL: I've made a friend.
He's offered to help me hunt down Warlow.
Wait, you-- You're sure it was Warlow, right?
NIALL:
If you could've seen what I saw....
This is no ordinary vampire who did this.
Look at this.
You ever see blood do this?
There are a few things
we don't know about this Warlow.
Sook, I just realized.
What about Hadley and Hunter?
No, they left the night
after Russell Edgington.
But everyone else, all our friends?
They looked after us.
They risked their lives for us.
S OOKIE:
And now they’re all dead because of me.
Stay the fuck out of my head, Ben.
I can feel you in there.
Sookie, hospitality.
I'm sorry, Grandpa Niall, I'm--
I'm not feeling real hospitable right now.
-What--?
-Sook.
I'm okay. Ijust gotta clean or something.
Wow.
-What happened here?
-Can't you tell?
My ex swung by.
Bill.
Yes, Ben. Bill.
And if you'll sense the tone,
I'm not in the mood to talk about it.
I get it.
I'm done with the stupid questions, Okay?
I promise.
I do have one more, though.
Um, can-- Can I please help?
I'll sweep, you catch.
Okay.
I'm-- I'm sorry about listening in again.
|just....
Like I said, it's a habit.
Maybe Niall was right.
I suppose I could stand to be
a little more hospitable...
...especially since I've suffered from
the same nasty habit myself.
[CHUCKLES]
-Well, I appreciate the apology.
-Apology?
I wasn't aware I was apologizing.
-No, |--
-I'm fucking with you.
Right, yeah.
You know, it's funny...
...I've been around more than my fair share
of fairies and halflings over the past few years.
Why can I feel you listening
when I can't feel the others?
Um, I don't know.
Can you feel me?
I can feel you right now.
Ben.
He's back.
[RUSTLING]
[SIGHS]
Sookie, stay inside.
Gotcha, Warlow.
Who are you?
-Whoever she is, she's not Warlow.
-Of course I'm not Warlow.
I'm fucking looking for Warlow.
How do you even know about Warlow?
JASON:
Oh, God.
-Jason! Help!
JASON: Oh, my God.
SOONE:
Jason.
Oh, my God.
Evening, Vampire Bill.
Sheriff Bellefleur.
I hate doing this,
especially because you're kin...
...but the thing is there's a curfew enforced
for your kind.
I know.
And I'm truly sorry to be breaking it.
I was just having a talk with Sookie...
...and now I'm heading on home.
Look, I don't agree with any
of this nonsense. It's just my job.
[SNIFFS]
-Cute dog.
-Oh.
Belongs to one of my daughters.
You probably haven't heard, I got kids now...
...four of them. Super cute.
I had not heard that. Congratulations.
Children, what a blessing.
-That's what I have to keep reminding myself.
-Yeah, you do.
Got to enjoy them.
Time goes so fast.
They'll be out of the house before you know it.
Thanks for the advice, Vampire Bill.
I mean that.
You're welcome, sheriff. I'll say good night...
-...go straight home.
-Night.